README.md, before:

# Adobe I/O CodeLabs template

## Getting started 

Click on the "Use this template" button to copy the template to your namespace. 

The codelab entry point is the [README](README.md). You can put your codelab content including assets under the [lessons](/lessons) directory. The codelab [manifest.json](manifest.json) holds the navigation information and more. Link your lessons in that file in order to render the navigation.

## Preview codelab locally

The template codelab is based on the Project Helix https://www.project-helix.io/. Follow instructions as explained.

`npm i -g @adobe/helix-cli && hlx up` is enough to get you started. Make sure to have at least `npm@6.14.x` installed and an initial commit. 

## Share codelab URL

You can visit https://[REPO_NAME]-[REPO_OWNER].project-helix.page to see it running.

Demo: https://adobeio-codelabs-template-adobedocs.project-helix.page/ 

Make sure to push your changes before sharing the URL.

## Contribute to Adobe I/O CodeLabs

Once your codelab is ready, submit a PR to add it to the index at https://github.com/AdobeDocs/adobeio-codelabs/blob/gh-pages/actions/index.json

Commit message:

Repost of Cog Tech blog as Adobe IO Codelab

README.md, after:

# Build custom Asset Compute worker

![front-banner](lessons/assets/hero-banner.jpg)
<a href="https://www.freepik.com/vectors/banner">Hero banner created by starline - www.freepik.com</a>

> *This CodeLab is based on the [**How to generate intelligent renditions with AEM as a Cloud**][original-post] blog post.*

Image resizing or format conversion is a relatively easy task when doing renditions in **Adobe Experience Manager**. 
Your project might require more robust approaches supported by intelligent image services. You might need to change 
images to greyscale, or intelligently crop the image around faces. 

This codelab will guide you through the creating a [custom worker for Asset Compute][asset-compute-extensions] using [Project Firefly][firefly-home], and how to use it in [Adobe Experience Manager as a Cloud service][aem-cloud].

Next: [Requirements](lessons/requirements.md)
  
[original-post]: https://tech.cognifide.com/blog/2020/how-to-generate-intelligent-renditions-aem-cloud/
[firefly-home]: https://github.com/AdobeDocs/project-firefly
[asset-compute-extensions]: https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/asset-compute/using/extend/understand-extensibility.html
[aem-cloud]: https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/experience-manager-cloud-service/landing/home.html
